--- 
wordpress_id: 237
layout: post
title: Day after Prom
excerpt: |
  Prom... well despite it costing a couple hundred dollars, it was worth it.  It's just a nice occasion.  Here's how mine and Molly's went.
  <p>At around 8-8:30 I woke up and took a shower and everything and Jesse had arrived.  Jesse and I ate breakfast (Eggos) and then Katie arrived.  Jesse and I didn't feel like waiting for Molly so we went to Gingiss to pick up our hideously expensive Tuxedos (which I can hopefully return tomorrow...) then we went to Glenrose Floral in Hopkins to pick up our hideously expensive floral "accoutrements."


tags: [highschool, food, friends]
---

Prom... well despite it costing a couple hundred dollars, it was worth it.  It's just a nice occasion.  Here's how mine and Molly's went.
<p>At around 8-8:30 I woke up and took a shower and everything and Jesse had arrived.  Jesse and I ate breakfast (Eggos) and then Katie arrived.  Jesse and I didn't feel like waiting for Molly so we went to Gingiss to pick up our hideously expensive Tuxedos (which I can hopefully return tomorrow...) then we went to Glenrose Floral in Hopkins to pick up our hideously expensive floral "accoutrements."
<!--more--><p>We came back to my house and we started making Strawberry-Rhubarb Pie and <a href="http://food.epicurious.com/db/recipes/recipesH/4/354.html">Pesto Pasta</a> stuff.  Our word of the day became "scrod."  Hopefully I can get some pictures from Scrod-Prom 98.  My mom smelled something burning, opened the oven, and sure enough she had left some miscellaneus kitchen items inside one oven that Katie Pre-heated.  Katie was filled with a little too much guilt, even after Molly and I convinced her that it was alright.  My mom bought a lot of new kitchen toys that day though, it was very nice of her.
<p>Katie and Jesse left for their respective places-to-be and Molly and I finished cleaning up the kitchen and dishes.  Molly and I showered (seperate showers, because we can afford those types of luxuries) and got dressed.  This wasn't easy.  Molly had a hard time getting her corsage on properly, and I had a hell of a time putting my tuxedo together.  We eventually figured it out (with help regarding the boutonniere from my mom).  Then we departed for the Grand March at the Lindbergh Center at Hopkins High School.<p>Waiting in line wasn't too comfortable, but we finally went under the arch, had our picture taken and then we went to where LifeTouch was and had our professional Prom pictures taken.  We went back to my house for our homemade dinner.<p>When Molly and I got back, Katie and Jesse soon followed, and then Molly's parent's and grandmother did too.  Several pictures were taken of us outside the house.  The dinner for the four of us was very nice.  We ate in our formal dining room (which had been a longing of Katie's since the first time she came over to my house).  We had the very fancy China and glasses and serving dishes.  The whole time I couldn't stop but think of how much more efficient it would have been to eat at a restraunt.  But, that wouldn't have been as nice.  My mom was kind enough to get a few pictures of us around the dining table, before we ate.<p>
After dinner we did all the dishes and did a decent job of cleaning up after our selves.  We took a few pictures of doing dishes.  (Who does dishes on Prom night?)  Then we took pictures of ourselves at the stairs.  It was about nine-thirty when we finally left for the Prom.<p>
The actual prom wasn't that great, just a typical dance at the Marriot Hotel (opus 2).  It was very nice seeing a wide spectrum of classmates.  It was not just one or two cliques, but most of the Senior (and some of the Junior) class.  It was amusing watching Caitlin "skank" to Reel Big Fish.<p>Molly and I went back to home to change into better shoes and then left for Becky's and that was mildly fun.  I left there less tired because I slept through Princess Bride (which I have yet to see).  I came back around five am today (when I started this message).  I took off the tux and crashed on my couch.  Woke up at 8:30 and then again at 11:30.  I returned the tux and finished entering this message.<p>Jesse and I plan on writing a cheapskate's guide to prom (dandelions make nice corsages, etc.).  We'll probably do another dinner thing with Katie and Jesse using the <a href="http://food.epicurious.com/db/recipes/recipesH/5/975.html">Upscale Macaroni and Cheese</a> or <a href="http://food.epicurious.com/db/recipes/recipesH/6/12786.html">Spicy Macaroni and Cheese</a> recipes that I found on the net.
