---
wordpress_id: 434
layout: post
title: Ending... and forgiveness
---
=( Sara, my fellow "Nader Blader" and "behen," is leaving tomorrow.  She is the
first in a line of friends to leave (unless someone left without my knowing).
So the sadness begins.  Sara is one of the many enjoyable friends I've had the
good fortune of meeting.  I hope her travels for the summer go well and that
God's will is with her (no, I haven't converted from Hinduism).<p>I've
started my packing as well.  I will be working at Motorola for approximately
seven months in Schaumberg, IL.  Packing is so saddening.  I've begun
dismantling my room and it is depressing.  I think I need to get myself a
laptop and not drag this beast of a machine around.</p><p>So, every day I
learn something new.  After much debate and deliberation today, I've
established a few things.  Based on my letters to the DI and whatnot, the
audiences I am trying to attract (those on campus interested in world issues,
and the people who are not aware of the Palestinian struggle) are being totally
missed.  My letters speak only to a select group on campus who know a good deal
regarding Palestine and Israel and the US Imperialism behind
this.</p><!--more--><p>So I guess I'll just make a list of clarifications
on my stance on the situation.<ol><li>I am against the state of Israel as a
government.  As the regime that was established by Ben-Gurion and as the regime
that it has been and that it continues to be.</li><li>I am not against Jewish
people, the Jewish faith or anything religiously Jewish or even culturally
Jewish.  I do not consider the Israel of today part of Judaism or a necessary
part of Jewish culture.</li><li>I am against Israel being used as an
exclusive homeland for the Jews.</li><li>I am not a supporter of groups like
the PA or PLO which claim to be a face for the Palestinian people.  They do not
adequately represent the struggle, nor do they care for the people.</li><li>I
am for a state (by any name, but Palestine is the historic name to that region)
that is for the people who lay claim to that land (i.e. people who were forced
out of their homes).</li><li>I am not for the expulsion of Jews for the area.
That would be ridiculous, because we'd come full circle.</li><li>I am for the
one state solution.  I believe that Jew and Arab can coexist as equals if the
government under which they reside treats them as such.  A two-state solution
is, in my opinion, ludicrous and would just lead to continued
strife.</li></ol>Having this all said, I wish that any person who has
questions on my beliefs (or the sincerity of them) or still wishes to accuse me
of being Anti-Jewish or whatnot to please talk with me.  My views aren't just
blind pro-Palestinian support.  During school I've spent many a nights reading
editorials from Ha'aretz, researching Judaism and Islam, researching Zionism,
researching the Palestinian struggle in order to form a clear view of what is
happening and has happened.  Kindly, pass this note along to people who have
accused me of such things, or who "hate" me.  Sara Bo was correct in saying
that hate is a strong word.  Use it with caution.</p>
