--- 
wordpress_id: 452
layout: post
title: Sadness in the aftermath
excerpt: Insha'allah the worst of this horrific tragedy is over, but let us not make it worse.  Let us not jump to conclusions.  Its so easy to blame Arabs, Muslims or the Palestinians (these groups overlap to be clear).  After all what have movies such as <i>Siege</i> taught us?  Lets try to seperate Hollywood from reality.  The sadness here is that already people have made this jump to conclusions - they <i>have</i> made death threats to arbritary Muslim and Arabs (who I might note many of which are upstanding American citizens).  This is absurd.
---
Insha'allah the worst of this horrific tragedy is over, but let us not make it worse.  Let us not jump to conclusions.  Its so easy to blame Arabs, Muslims or the Palestinians (these groups overlap to be clear).  After all what have movies such as <i>Siege</i> taught us?  Lets try to seperate Hollywood from reality.  The sadness here is that already people have made this jump to conclusions - they <i>have</i> made death threats to arbritary Muslim and Arabs (who I might note many of which are upstanding American citizens).  This is absurd.<!--more-->It's sad that my mailbox is filled with press releases of Muslim, Arab and pro-Palestinian groups condemning this act of heinous terror.  Unfortunately our society has forced the Arab and Muslim communities into having to preemptively defend themselves.  What about OK City when we  (as a society) accused the Arabs?  We were wrong.  Yet, nothing was learned from that mistake.  If the Arabs and Muslims have to send out press releases, what about veterans of Desert Storm?  Lest we forget that McVeigh was an American soldier who our tax dollars mutated into a killing machine in Iraq.  <p>Let us take steps to build a more tolerant society.  Let us not point the fingers without any evidence.  Our government is trying its best to find who the culprits are.  We can only pray that they solve this mystery and justice is served.  Peace out.</p>
