--- 
wordpress_id: 535
layout: post
title: Finger
wordpress_url: http://davedash.com/2004/03/19/finger/

tags: Uncategorized
---

I sent in an email to the <a href="http://dailyillini.com/">DI</a> yesterday and got a call back from my friend who was working there just to verify it was me.

I decided to run the finger command on her email and found this:



<blockquote>Ten days after his son, Alex, was killed in a car accident, Reverend William Sloane Coffin delivered this sermon to his congregation at
Riverside Church in New York City.
 
As almost all of you know, a week ago last Monday night, driving in a terrible
storm, my son -- Alexander -- who to his friends was a real
day-brightener, and to his family "fair as a star when only one is shining
in the sky" -- my 24-year-old Alexander, who enjoyed beating his old man
at every game and in every race, beat his father to the grave.
 
Among the healing flood of letters that followed his death was one
carrying this wonderful quote from the end of Hemingway's "A Farewell to
Arms":
 
"The world breaks everyone, then some become strong at the broken places."
 
My own broken heart is mending, and largely thanks to so many of you, my
dear parishioners; for if in the last week I have relearned one lesson, it
is that love not only begets love, it transmits strength.
 
When a person dies, there are many things that can be said, and there is
at least one thing that should never be said. The night after Alex died I
was sitting in the living room of my sister's house outside of Boston,
when the front door opened and in came a nice-looking, middle-aged woman,
carrying about eighteen quiches. When she saw me, she shook her head, then
headed for the kitchen, saying sadly over her shoulder, "I just don't
understand the will of God." Instantly I was up and in hot pursuit,
swarming all over her. "I'll say you don't, lady!" I said.
 
For some reason, nothing so infuriates me as the incapacity of seemingly
intelligent people to get it through their heads that God doesn't go
around this world with his fingers on triggers, his fists around knives,
his hands on steering wheels. God is dead set against all unnatural
deaths. And Christ spent an inordinate amount of time delivering people
from paralysis, insanity, leprosy, and muteness. Which is not to say that
there are no nature-caused deaths -- I can think of many right here in
this parish in the five years I've been here -- deaths that are untimely
and slow and pain-ridden, which for that reason raise unanswerable
questions, and even the specter of a Cosmic Sadist -- yes, even an Eternal
Vivisector. But violent deaths, such as the one Alex died -- to understand
those is a piece of cake. As his younger brother put it simply, standing
at the head of the casket at the Boston funeral, "You blew it, buddy. You
blew it." The one thing that should never be said when someone dies is "It
is the will of God." Never do we know enough to say that. My own
consolation lies in knowing that it was not the will of God that Alex die;
that when the waves closed over the sinking car, God's heart was the first
of all our hearts to break.


</blockquote>

At UIUC, a lot of the Muslims use finger for journals, rather than a web log.

Anyway, I needed to read this a few times, but I like it.
