---
layout: post
title: "Siddhartha: 3 months old"
tags: [baby]
published: true
time: 8:19AM
---
<div>
<object width="560" height="340">
    <param name="movie"
        value="http://www.youtube.com/v/OocWl4ym2ho?fs=1&amp;hl=en_US&amp;rel=0&amp;hd=1">
    </param>
    <param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param>
    <param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param>
    <embed src="http://www.youtube.com/v/OocWl4ym2ho?fs=1&amp;hl=en_US&amp;rel=0&amp;hd=1" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="560" height="340"></embed>
</object>
</div>

Finally!

Lately the week-to-week changes have been hard to notice.  Obviously the
occasional bad day or three where he's developing mentally or physically are
noticeable, but for the most part everything is a smooth transition.

For example, he has gradually been spending more time on his tummy, and he will
sometimes smile, and in one case, while on my tummy, he started having a
conversation with me.

Naps and sleep in general has been all over the place (and almost impossible in
the car).  For a few days nursing him to sleep wasn't working.  In some ways he
sleeps a lot easier, we used to have to bounce and shush him while swaddled to
get him to sleep.  These days we've had mixed success with less elaborate
measures -- the swing has been pretty good to us.

Sleep of course sets our mood, so if we can't get enough it makes everything
awful. Luckily we've been able to get okay sleep on most days (averaging 4 hour
stretch at night).

I like to look forward to things.  In some ways it's a coping mechanism to get
through tough times.  In some ways, it's because I am really looking forward to
an event in the future.  I diligently mark on a calendar when upcoming
milestones might happen, and other notable events.

During his third month, I was able to enjoy the moment and not constantly look
at what's coming next.  Although with the sleep issues, and occasional cranky
days, it's hard to not be comforted by the future.  The future months where
naps are easier, sleep averages to over six hours a stretch and the baby can
occupy himself for hours at a time.

I'm also looking forward to the time when we can do "kid stuff" that he'll
enjoy (versus the ones we do just to get out of the house): zoos, parks,
amusement parks, malls and street fairs.

Either way, next 3 months should be awesome.

